THE reshuffle bug has bitten Mzansi Magic as things in the country’s favourite wedding reality show are about to change. That’s because the charming Thembisa Mdoda is to be replaced by the oh-so-fab Nomsa Buthelezi on Mzansi Magic’s Our Perfect Wedding (OPW).
The incoming Isibaya actress has proven her on-screen prowess in the telenovela, and captured viewers’ imagination as Slenda in the popular female prison drama, Lockdown.
But the talented Nomsa perhaps faces her toughest challenge in OPW, which is Mzansi’s wildly runaway success show. Said Nomsa: “I’m excited and nervous at the same time. This is a big challenge and a huge responsibility as Mzansi is passionate and opinionated about OPW. I hope to win them over.”
The animated TV personality will become a regular Sunday TV fixture over 13 weeks from May. “I’m looking forward to hearing couples recount their stories and sharing in the final leg of their journey to marriage,” Nomsa said.
“Love is a wonderful thing, and I get to experience it in more ways than one.” As a stage and TV actress, Nomsa will add her unusual yet delightful swagger to the role.She’s cultivated a strong brand for herself, playing fun-loving characters. Her deep husky voice, coupled with her effervescent personality, will bring a different flavour to the narrative of lovers and the journey they face on their way to the altar. Thembisa could not be reached for comment as the person who answered her phone told the SunTeam she was busy with rehearsals. “I’m looking forward to hearing couples recount their stories and being able to share in the final leg of their journey to marriage,” Nomsa said. “Love is such a beautiful thing, and I get to experience it in many ways and more than once.” And as an experienced stage and TV actress, Nomsa should add her unusual yet delightful swagger to the role. She has cultivated a strong brand for herself, playing fun-loving characters South Africa has come to love.
Nomsa’s deep husky voice, coupled with her effervescent personality, is sure to bring a different flavour to the narrative of lovers and the journey they face on their way to the altar. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments