The wife of Mohammed Anas, the South African based Ghanaian footballer, has allegedly committed suicide. Mohammed Anas, made a blunder in his post-match interview in what has been labeled as the best man of the match speech. Free State Stars striker, Mohammed Anas, made a hilarious blunder in his post-match interview in what has been labeled as the best man of the match speech. After scoring two goals for his team in the 2-2 draw against Ajax Cape Town, making him Man of the Match, Anas begun his post-match interview by thanking God for his best performance. Just after thanking his fans, things took a far-reaching turn when he, in the same sentence, thanked his “wife and girlfriend”. After the video went viral, it is alleged Mohammed’s wife drank poison and died in the couple’s bedroom. Relatives found her lifeless body in their home in Ghana where she was based. It was not ascertained who the girlfriend was. Receiving his man of the match award he said, “Thank you for this, I appreciate my fans. My wife and my girlfriend… I mean my wife, sorry.” He quickly realised his mistake, and moved swiftly to explain that he meant the former. He appeared somehow embarrassed and couldn’t solidly construct a sentence to finish his interview after this blunder.  Source  : LiveMonitor !  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 1 comments