Sfiso Ncwane’s widow‚ Ayanda has shared telling details about her sour relationship with the gospel star’s mother. In an interview with Drum magazine Ayanda confirmed that she and her mother-in-law haven’t had the best relationship. Ayanda said that their relationship was strained‚ and claimed that Fikile had apparently not checked on her since the gospel star’s death. “Not really. She has not checked on us. Sfiso was all about healing through song. I thought the funeral would unite us‚” she said. Ayanda also set the record straight on swirling reports that she had kept information about Sfiso’s death away from his mother. She rubbished the claim explaining that in the moments‚ after Sfiso’s death she immediately sent a car to fetch Fikile‚ so that they could “do everything together“. “If family members want to know something they know what to do. I will not disrespect my husband and publish his post-mortem report‚” she said. Earlier this month Ayanda told Ukhozi FM that she did not want to disrespect Sfiso’s memory by discussing their family issues in public. “I am hurt by some of the stories that have come up after my husband passed. Sfiso respected himself a lot. As his wife I will never disrespect his memory by failing his family or our children‚ with my behaviour. Because that is what he has taught me‚” she said at the time. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments