Nico Viljoen, the man who made international headlines this week after a video of him bullying a woman in a Spur restaurant surfaced. The video showed Nico angrily shouting and threatening a black woman after an altercation between the kids. Now Nico has caused more damage to his name after a tweet suggesting that black people should not frequent Spur but rather go to a chisanyama in the townships. According to Nico, the incident would not have happened if blacks had stuck to their ‘usual’ spots. The allegations have naturally infuriated South Africans and reports suggest that Nico has received death threats. After deep investigations though, LiveMonitor managed to conclude that the account if a fake account. An internet troll has been having the time of his or her life since Wednesday after creating a fake Twitter account and then posting tweets that are part racist, part satire. The account spoofs the real Viljoen and, mostly, the opinions of white people who come to his defence. The troll used a publicly available picture of the man from the infamous Spur video under the Twitter handle @ekisnicoviljoen. He started out by getting attention for saying the sort of ridiculous things many may feel could well come from the real Viljoen, who is yet to make a public comment about the furore around his threats to slap a black woman in a Spur restaurant at The Glen. A racist tweet from the fake account on Wednesday about how “these people” (black people) shouldn’t have been at Spur but rather at ChesaNyama has been the most widely shared and condemned, with many initially believing it was real. Source : Online !  These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments