Waist beads are often worn by African women and it holds certain fascination for many. The beautiful stream of color blending could be one of the reasons for this fascination or the way a woman’s lower body moves when this ornament is worn could be another. It has been named according to the tribes wearing them. Although much sentiment is attached to the use of this ornament, some ladies don’t mind wearing them. This present day generation doesn’t see the need to wear beads around the waist in order to make the b_um shake; they would rather ‘twerk’ and shake the b_um harder than those wearing the waist beads. The wearing of beads is thought to be obscene, local and primitive. Most parents wouldn’t allow their young ones wear them. It is seen as something dirty which is meant for ladies or children with no moral upbringing. It is believed that whoever wears them is wayward and is trying desperately to attract men with it. This misconception has not discouraged the true lovers of waist beads. They hold special admiration for it. The waist beads in truth are associated with s_ex and s_exuality. It has the ability to stir deep erotic feelings in men. Se_xual pleasure is heightened when men see waist beads resting seductively on a woman’s hips. The beads make the women aware of themselves and the power wielded round their se_xuality. The waist, hips, b_um and thighs become the focal point of attention when the bead is worn. Feminism and beauty is enhanced with the wearing of waist beads. Young girls wear waist beads to show they are growing into young beautiful women that are ready for marriage. As interesting as the culture of bead wearing is, it also has some issues of spirituality attached to it. Waist beads are believed by many to have been dipped and soaked in some remedies to entice, charm and trap men. In the past, charmed beads were worn to protect women against certain forces that may be radiating negative energy around them. In pregnancy, it is believed to be a protector of the unborn baby and the mother. Charmed beads also help the women improve their s_exual prowess while acting as some sort of birth control. This issue of spirituality attached to the bead is a major turn off for some men who believe they may never be able to get out of the claws of a woman wearing them once they are trapped. The wearing of waist beads has extended to the shores of the Western and European world as belly dancers and pole workers have developed an affinity for it. Body movements are accentuated when beads are being worn. The confidence of many the women who wear waist beads is boosted with the strings of beads round their waist. They are able to prolong s_exual activities as the men run their fingers over the beads during foreplay. The sound and feel of the beads between two heated bodies during love making creates a sea of excitement for them. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments