Having said that, do people have the same preferences when it comes to how they want their s_ex? Sunday World quizzed some of Mzansi’s celeb man crushes about how they like their Garden of Eden apple served. All of them said they prefer clean-shaven fannies for a number of reasons. But there are different styles of shaving women can play with to make their privates look enticing. While some women prefer to clear everything in the blade’s path, others like a Brazilian wax and some would rather go for the creative route of leaving little hair on their vertical smile. Newlywed king of sushi Kenny Kunene said he preferred it clean.”Look, cleanliness comes first. It is what attracts me in the first place,” he said. Kunene, with less options now as he just got hitched, said the road was one way for him these days. Rapper Cassper Nyovest believes grooming was important. “I don’t really want to say clean or neat shaven, but if it looks hygienic and edible, then that is important.”said  Cassper. The Doc Shebeleza hitmaker added that women should generally looks after themselves and go after what they are comfortable with. Actor and singer Phila Madlingozi was not compromising on his preference for a smooth surface. “I prefer a properly shaven cake. A bush is a no go area. It is so itchy on us too and I need to have an idea of what I am eating should I decide to go down there,” he said. Veteran musician and businessman Chicco Twala said shaving for women has always been important. “Hey, whether I am old or not a bush is a no-no to me. A woman must shave. I must be able to feel where I am going. I can not do that in a bush. For a long time it never worked for me and that won’t change,”he said. Twala believes that men should also communicate their preferences with their partners. “If your woman has a bush and you have a problem with it, tell her in a proper way so you can reach common ground. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments