Ayeye guys! It’s going down today. Twitter is going crazy cause too many scandals are being “exposed”. So, remember the noise over the Metro FM Music Awards, (also called the Mabala Music Awards according to tweeps) – where the country complained over some of the winners, the majority of whom were Mabala Noise artists, along with Riky Rick’s saucy acceptance speech? Well, the juice has just gotten even more saucier because according to #TwitterCSI, “someone has hacked into the SABC servers and recovered the REAL Metro FM Music Awards results”. These supposed “real” results have been leaked by #TwitterCSI via SA Hip Hop Mag and they echo exactly the artists who social media said should have won fam. Check them out here: Song of the Year is apparently Babes Wodumo for Wololo instead of Nasty C’s Hell Naw, which won on the night.  Best Collaboration shows as Kwesta’s Mayibabo and not Ms Pru’s Ameni that won on the night.  Best Hip Hop was supposedly won by Kwesta for Dakar and not Nasty C’s Bad Hair Extensions.  And the second highly contested award for Best Video that went to Du Boiz for Dope Dream was supposedly won by Mafikizolo for Kucheza.  If this is at all true, then it’s about to go ham in these industry streets. We wait with bated breath as to what will happen next. We will keep you posted on this developing incriminating story. In the meantime, tell us what your thoughts are on these results and allegations? Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments