Police arrested 53 people for allegedly attending a ga_y marriage in Zaria, Nigeria on Saturday. The defendants were brought before a magistrate’s court on Wednesday in Chediya-Zaria, Kaduna State, local media reports. The prosecutor, Mannir Nasir, said that the accused were arrested at a motel and were being charged for conspiracy, unlawful assembly and belonging to a gang of unlawful society. The accused pleaded not guilty to the charges, and their counsel, Yunusa Umar, asked the court to release them on bail. due to their “tender age” . Chief Magistrate Auwal Musa-Aliyu granted the accused N500,000 bail, with one surety each in the sum, who must be a blood relation to the accused. He ordered that each surety must present two passport size photographs, valid identity card, bank account number, letter of credence from a traditional ruler, a 2015 utility bill and a valid GSM number, a local source stated. The Chief Magistrate have adjoined the case until May 8 for further hearing. Nigeria strictly outlaws same-se_x relationships. In recent years the conditions of imprisonment have become wider, and the punishment greater for individuals who go against the law. Different regions of the country have different consequences for people engaging in homosexual acts, from 14 years imprisonment in Southern Nigeria to capital punishment for men in areas under Sharia Islamic Law. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments