THE 58-year-old prophet, who runs a ministry in Port Elizabeth, was arrested by the Hawks at Port Elizabeth Airport yesterday. He tried to run and hide, but he was nabbed. Hawks spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Netshiunda said: “He tried to run away but we found him hiding in a toilet! He will appear in court today on charges of human trafficking.”
Netshiunda added that they were still investigating, and additional charges might be laid against the man of cloth. The pastor was recently exposed in a documentary on Special Assignment. According to the report, the pastor had s_exually abused several women as young as 14 years in his home in Umhlanga, north of Durban, including women from Port Elizabeth. A group of women protested peacefully in front of the Hawks offices, where the prophet was detained. Protest leader Pamela Mabini said: “We are here on behalf of the victims because they are our friends. “They told us the pastor slept with them without their permission and there are women who are pimping them in the church.” She said they don’t want the justice system to disappoint them this time. “They must make an example of this pastor. We are tired of people who take advantage of poor women,” said Pamela. “We will make sure his church is closed down.” Following the arrest, his congregation worshipped and asked God to be with him in this difficult time. “Our pastor will overcome this,” they said. Source : DailySun ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments