The Hawks have made progress in their investigation of a Nigerian prophet who allegedly s_exually abused young women from his church, a spokesperson said on Tuesday. “We are investigating different charges, but we can’t name them before making an arrest,” Lieutenant-Colonel Robert Netshiunda said on Tuesday. On Monday night, current affairs programme Special Assignment carried a report about him. His church has branches countrywide. He had allegedly had se_x with girl as young as 14 in his home in Umhlanga, north of Durban. Netshiunda said he did not want to speculate about what charges the man could face. Meanwhile, the Young Religious Leaders (YRL), which describes itself as a moral regeneration structure, said it was greatly disturbed by the Special Assignment episode. “The actions displayed by this so-called Man of God are disturbing and heart-breaking, to see what the girl child in our beloved land of South Africa has been exposed to,” YRL Gauteng secretary Abel Mahachi said in a statement. He appealed to government to speed up the process to ensure self-regulation of churches. The absence of legislation to govern religion was making it difficult to deal with such issues effectively, he said. Neither the prophet nor his church could be reached for comment. The telephone number for his church in Durban was not working. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments