44-year old Bruce Ngubane was arrested this morning, after he confessed to killing his wife and eating her flesh while he was stuck with her in an elevator. According to the Polokwane Police Department, the partially devoured corpse of his wife was lying next to him when he was rescued after being stuck for three days in an elevator. Mr Ngubane immediately confessed that he had reluctantly killed her and eaten almost 3kgs of her flesh, saying it was necessary to his own survival. Police Deputy Commissioner Richard De Beer, says the accused clearly felt guilty about his crime Commissioner De Beer says the accused started crying as soon as he was freed from the elevator and kept repeating “Why did I do it?” Mr Ngubane and his wife, Janet Ngubane, were coming back from the restaurant when they took an elevator to reach the parking lot. On their way down, the elevator unexpectedly stopped, and the couple was stranded. Mr Ngubane says he hit the alarm and waited, but nothing happened. He investigated his surroundings, but there was no warning text and no elevator emergency phone in the 6-by-6 box. Since they didn’t have their cell phones with them, the couple had no way of reaching the outside world. Hours went by and no one came. Starting to get desperate, the 170-kg man tried to pry the door open, planning to climb down the elevator shaft like Bruce Willis in Die Hard. Instead, he was met with a solid concrete wall with the number 3 stenciled on it. Being in an express elevator, there was no opening for the floors that weren’t served, and Mr. Ngubane found himself facing 4 floors of solid concrete shaft. The couple could do nothing but stand there for the rest of the afternoon. And into the night. And then overnight. Then all day the next day. After about 48 hours, Mr Ngubane says he was suffering from severe dehydration and began fearing for his life. According to his lawyer, Darrel Nzama, Bruce Ngubane had no other choice than to kill his wife and ingest her flesh and blood if he wanted to survive. Mr Nzama says his client is in fact a victim and that Ms Ngubane’s death was caused by the negligence of the residential building’s security staff. Despite his lawyer’s claims, Mr Ngubane now faces a total of 14 charges, including second degree murder and cannibalism. He could face up to 75 years in prison. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments