THE news shocked the nation. “Julius loses wife and child . . .” BUT IT WAS A CRUEL HOAX!
Yesterday, Mzansi woke up to the news that EFF Commander-in-Chief (CIC) Julius Malema had lost his wife and son in a fatal car accident in Sandton, Jozi. But it was just a big fat lie! According to the fake online report, Mantwa Matlala and her seven-month-old son Munzhedzi were travelling in a Jeep. It reportedly clipped the rear of a tipper truck, hit a barrier and rolled. The report alleged the two were certified dead at the scene. EFF deputy president Floyd Shivambu was quick to dismiss the hoax, saying: “We don’t know who created that, and for what – but it’s all lies.” Sources inside the party said the fake news item was planted to destabilise the EFF. It came two days after the EFF had joined opposition parties to stage a powerful anti-Zuma march. An EFF figure, who is known to Sunday Sun , said: “We know there are many people, especially from other political parties, who don’t love our CIC and wish he could disappear. “But we are not even shaken by the fake news. Julius Malema is here to stay. Only God knows his lifespan.” Malema referred all inquiries to the EFF statement, which was released by the national spokesperson, Mbuyiseni Ndlozi. In the statement, Ndlozi said: “The report on the fake news website, Global News, that the CIC’s family had been involved in a car accident was fake. We would like to reiterate categorically that the CIC’s family is safe and enjoying the Easter weekend in peace. “We encourage all people to reject the website of Global News (www.glonews360.com) as a fake news site that should never be trusted or relied on for genuine news.” Sunday Sun sources claimed Malema was one of the top politicians scheduled to appear today at the ZCC headquarters in Moria, Limpopo. But neither Shivambu nor Ndlozi confirmed the claim. Source : Daily Sun ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments