In a surprising move that has left Mzansi shocked, the producers of popular SABC 1 soapie, Generation : The Legacy have made a shock announcement that they have found a replacement for the late Joe Mafela. Hollywood star, Morgan Freeman has been reported to have accepted to fill Joe Mafela’s shoes at Generations. The two stars have an uncanny resemblance and Generations producers say Morgan was the popular choice and they approached him and offered him the job to which he was delighted to accept. “We thought he was going to let us down but we offered him a very good package which was difficult to resist. We will not reveal what the package entailed but it’s high up there”, a source said. At the time of his death, Generations producers had said they would decide what to do at a later stage.  Generations spokesperson Gaaratwe Mokhethi said that they had not yet decided on what to do with Joe’s character. “We are still mourning the death of Joe Mafela and so a decision hasn’t been made yet. We will meet after the funeral to discuss whatever needs to be done,” Gaaratwe said. She denied social media reports that a new actor had already been cast in Joe’s role. Joe died in a car accident in Johannesburg on 18 March 2017. News of his death sent shockwaves across the country. Morgan Freeman is expected to jet into the country next week and start preparing for his first scene. A language expert will be working with him. Source : LiveMonitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments