Footage has emerged of the moment a man was shot during an apparent road rage incident in Durban on Thursday.
According to paramedics and security companies on the scene‚ the incident came after the driver of a truck switched lanes and nearly collided with the driver of a Ford Ranger. The clash took place under a bridge on the M13 freeway between Gillits and Hillcrest‚ heading up Fields Hill. The video‚ which was shot by a driver on her cellphone‚ shows the driver of a truck jumping out of his vehicle holding a piece of pipe. He then starts shoving and pushing the driver of a orange Ford Ranger. Several people rush over to try and break the men up before the Ford driver goes back to his vehicle and fetches his firearm. In a subsequent squabble‚ which followed after the Ford driver hit the truck driver in the head‚ a single gunshot can clearly be heard. Michelle Smith‚ medical director at Meditech Emergency Response‚ said the man was taken to hospital with a gunshot wound to his left hand. “It appears it was a partial amputation. He was transported [to hospital] in a serious but stable condition‚” she said. Andreas Mathios‚ Blue Security media liaison who was on the scene shortly after the incident‚ said that eyewitnesses reported that the driver of the truck realised he wouldn’t fit under the arched bridge so moved over to the right hand lane. “There was a Ford Ranger in the fast lane…and the truck nearly took him out. The whole scene happened under the bridge‚” he said. SAPS spokesman Captain Nqobile Gwala confirmed a case was being investigated. Watch the full video here:  Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments