They say women are more scared of getting pregnant than contracting HIV/Aids. I am not sure about the authenticity of the statement,but you get the point. Women will go at extra lengths to ensure they DO NOT get pregnant. This is a fact, since time immemorial, women have been using bizarre ways to avoid getting pregnant, S-xually Transmitted Infection’s aside. Here are some of the bizarre things they do to enjoy s-x without getting pregnant. 5. Squat and sneeze Immediately after s-x, a woman is required to squat the sneeze. This movement is said to force out every single s -perm from the woman’s veejay. In ancient Greek, physicians recommended women to do this to shake the s- perm out before fertilizing the egg. Women were also advised to jump up an down, and kick their feet against their bums, to avoid getting pregnant. How practical? 4. S*x during periods It is messy, I know. Turns out, women enjoy s-x during their periods.  To add onto the natural lubrication, it is said chances of a woman getting pregnant at this time are close to nil. If you attended a biology lesson, then you know this is a lie. 3. Honey Applying honey on your hu-ha can prevent pregnancy. The honey will change the acidity of the va_gina, making it hard for the sp_erm to swim to the egg. In ancient Egypt, women added crocodile poop to the honey before applying the mixture. This just screams yeast infection. 2. Coca cola Yes, apparently the Coca cola drink not only quenches the normal thirst but also does kill sp_erms, according to online myths. A woman is required to douche after intercourse, the carbon in the soda is supposed to be effective in preventing pregnancy. Women are still using this method to date. I think this is a perfect recipe for a yeast infection. 1. Taking Panadol/Painkiller after s-x It’s supposed to be as simple as ABC, ingest painkillers after having s-x.  What is the worst thing that might happen, probably ingest enough to overdose yourself and actually fall sick. NOTE: The Only way you can prevent pregnancy is by using a c0_ndom, contraceptives or abstinence. The rest are just myths. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments