Unfaithful people will go to great lengths to hide their naughty affair, but now cheaters have opened up and shared the biggest lies they tell their lovers. In order to avoid arousing suspicion when sneaking off to do the dirty, women have revealed the top alibis they use to keep their infidelity under wraps. According to new research, most ladies pretend they’re off for a girl’s night out when they are actually sneaking off for s_ex. The survey, which quizzed more than 18,000 members, found that 66% of women use an “evening out with friends” as their number one alibi. Other popular lies included “I’m taking some me-time” either shopping or at the spa, or “I have a professional obligation”. Pumping iron at the gym was a cover-story used by 27% of women, while 11% said they were visiting parents or family. Meanwhile most women look elsewhere because they want to feel se_xy and wanted again. Here are three signs she’s thinking about cheating: 1. She’s turning 25 or 30 or 35 or… Decade and half-decade birthdays make women questions their lives, a new study found. This can sometimes lead to breakups or even episodes of infidelity. “She’ll think deeply about her love life and its direction, and if it’s not going the way she planned, she might jump at the chance to correct it with an affair,” says Don-David Lusterman, Ph.D., a psychologist and the author of Infidelity: A Survival Guide. The incidence of birthday cheating triples in women who report being in unhappy relationships, according to a survey by infidelity.com. 2. She does all the housework A recent study found that 72% of women who took part in a recent study said they cheated because their man didn’t do any housework. More than 10,000 women from all over the world who use the Gleeden – which pairs up people wanting to have affairs – responded to the infidelity poll. And the study revealed that ladies are much more likely to play away if their partner doesn’t lift a finger around the house. 3. Her mother cheated Women are more likely to cheat if their mothers cheated too, a new study reveals. You’d think the heartbreak of finding out your mum had cheated on your dad would send you in the opposite direction. But apparently women are far more likely to play away if their parents are also “cheaters”. In fact a whopping 71% of cheating women revealed that their mother had also strayed. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 4 comments