It appears that Isibaya actor Pallance Dladla likes to puff and pass his herb in the wrong places. Dladla, 25, who plays hunk Jabulani Zungu in the popular Mzansi Magic soapie, was arrested and detained after he was found in possession of dagga at Montecasino in Fourways, northern Joburg, last week Friday. A police source told Sunday World the star actor was thrown into holding cells in the early hours of Friday after police were alerted by security guards to a man smoking ganja in the casino complex. “When we arrived at the scene the guards told us they had found him smoking. So we searched him and found that he was in possession of dagga,” he said. Dladla said: “I’m on set right now. What is this about?” After questions were put to him, he hung up the phone and could not be reached later. He did not respond to SMS messages sent to him. The Soweto-born actor is one of the rising stars of TV drama in SA. Police spokesman Mpho Kgasoane said: “He was arrested on 2017-04-06 at about 01:15 for possession of dagga. He appeared at Randburg Magistrate’s Court the following day. He was released on R500 bail.” Dladla is the second personality to be arrested for smoking weed at the casino this month. Former Mamelodi Sundowns and Bidvest Wits striker Manqoba Ngwenya was also nabbed on similar charges and is out on R500 bail. Source : Sunday World ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments