Avoid late-night dietary disasters that can ruin your physique and even your sleep. Here are the 5 worst offenders, and 5 great alternatives for when you’ve got the munchies. 1. Late-Night No-No: Dark Chocolate
Over the past several years, dark chocolate has become a snack hero of sorts. That’s because this dark delight is laced with body-friendly antioxidants shown to help fend off a range of maladies. Try This Instead: A Handful Of Carbo Chips 2. Late-Night No-No: Boxed Cereal
Who hasn’t dug into a bowl of comforting breakfast cereal when the late-night munchies strike? Make this a snack habit, though, and your midsection will definitely remain a few cans shy of a six-pack. Try This Instead: Plain Popcorn 3 Late-Night No-No Ice Cream For the most part, ice cream contains a snacking double-whammy. For one, tubs of Chunky Monkey and other ice cream varieties are often packed with sugar that can contribute to fat gain. Try This Instead: Low-Fat Cottage Cheese Mixed With Chia Seeds 4. Late-Night No-No: Pretzel Sticks
It’s hard not to get tempted by the appeal of ripping into a bag of crunchy pretzels when cruising the TV channels after a long day. And aren’t they way better than greasy chips? Well, it turns out this baked snack food isn’t so benign after all. Try This Instead: Seaweed Snacks 5. Late-Night No-No: Fruit Yogurt Drop your spoon into fruit-flavored yogurt and you could be getting an unwelcome surprise: plenty of sugar. Try This Instead: Plain Yogurt With Vanilla Extract These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments