A Zimbabwean Pastor who was suffering from acute chest pain decided to visit a hospital in capital Harare- one of the most reputable medical centers not only in Zimbabwe but also in Africa continent too. During the X-ray examination, a live cockroach was sighted moving aimlessly in the chest of the patient minister. This having been observed, it was seen as the primary cause of the chest pain being felt by the pastor. The conclusion of the diagnosis was that surgery was urgently required to be performed in order remove the damn insect from the pastor’s chest as the only way to get rid of the problem. Though the pastor was in pain, the shocking results of the X-ray diagnosis didn’t sound realistic, thus he declined allowing the recommended surgery to be performed on his chest, until he had another medical test performed elsewhere by another reputable professional doctor. The pastor took a flight to India where he requested another chest test to be performed to find out the cause of the pain (also counter checking the previous test findings). In fact, the chest test diagnosis was just to confirm the existence of a live cockroach in the chest as in had been concluded back in Zimbabwe. If the tests would have a positive result, a surgery to remove the roach would be arranged immediately before it caused more damage. The x-ray chest tests were performed once again, but the resulting photos revealed no signs of the existence of a live insect in the pastor’s chest. Had it travelled down to the stomach or other parts of the body? The Indian doctor concluded that the chest examination didn’t reveal anything worrisome; instead he observed that the cockroach sighted in his chest in Zimbabwe was actually in the X-ray machine. This may sound somewhat funny but it is a real story that highlighted the state of negligence in hospitals. Imagine how weird it would be if the doctors used the same X-ray machine on several patients, showing the insect in the patients’ bodies. Assuming the pastor had allowed the surgery to be performed as it was recommended, how would it be when no live roach was found in the chest, instead later discovered in the X-ray sights? Or was it just a well-planned scam launched to defraud the pastor in case he fell for the doctor’s surgery recommendation? Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 2 comments