NOBODY knows where she comes from. The woman allegedly doesn’t even know how she got to the yard she was found in. All the Selepe family knows is they found a n_aked woman sleeping next to their four-year-old daughter in her bedroom on Friday night. Casma Selepe (34), from Solomondale, Limpopo said the doors and windows of her house were closed when she went to bed. But when her husband, Seele Selepe (35), arrived home from work at about midnight, he found the mysterious woman. When they asked her where she was from, she said she had flown from Mozambique and don’t know how she ended up in the house. “I was shocked when my husband asked me who was sleeping in my daughter’s bedroom. My husband got so angry he tied the naked woman to a tree for the residents to see.” Casma said the woman had a green badge with a star in her right hand and said: “Koko Maria o ko kae? Ke timetse,” which means ‘Where is gogo Maria? I’m lost.’ “We waited outside and kept an eye on her until the sun came out,” said Casma. In the video sent to Daily Sun the na_ked woman has bruises all over her body after allegedly being assaulted by residents. Police arrived and took her to Mankweng Hospital. Police spokesman Lieutenant-Colonel Moatshe Ngoepe said a case of housebreaking was opened against the woman. “She appeared at Mankweng Magistrates Court, but the judge let her off with a warning and ordered the investigator to take her to a relative’s house.” Source : DailySun ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments