Neighboring Zimbabwe and Africa as a whole is celebrating the birth of Zimbabwean president Robert Gabriel Mugabe. However, while festivities carry on, American President Donald Trump has said he has proof that Robert Mugabe is not 93 as reported but rather 101. Speaking at a closed meeting at the White House, one of Donald Trump’s most trusted advisers asked if he wanted to send out a special birthday message to Mugabe to which Trump responded “He should confess his real age first. He is 101 years old today and I have proof”. Thinking it’s a joke, some staff members of the white house asked Donald Trump to produce the proof to which he showed them a 89 page report which was compiled after investigations of several african presidents who he claimed lie about their age. The report also listed 4 other Presidents in Africa who are believed to have ‘adjusted’ their ages. Included in the four is Jacob Zuma (South Africa), King Mswati III (Swaziland), Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo (Equatorial Guinea) and Omar Al-Bashir (Sudan). Jacob Zuma is believed to be 74 but the report proved he is 79. King Mswati III is believed to be 48 though the report said he is actually younger than that, 44. Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo is also thought to be 74 but prove points otherwise, he is 83. Lasty, Omar Al-Bashir’s age is recorded to be 73 but he is in actual fact a year older than Zuma. He is 80. The Trump administration said they would release the official report in due course. Source  Live Monitor !   These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments