Robbers struck in the early hours of Monday morning at Heroes Acre Cemetery in Durban and stole two tombstones belonging to Senzo Meyiwa and Sfiso Ncwane respectively. Not only did the robbers stop there, a few hours after the brazen theft, the items appeared on a popular buying and selling platform, Gumtree. An employee at the cemetery during an early morning perimeter check discovered the theft and alerted superiors. A police report was made and while police hunted for clues, they received an anonymous call from someone saying they saw Sfiso and Senzo’s tombstones selling for R5000 each on Gumtree or R8000 if you take both, as read the advert. Reporting the incident, a police constable told LiveMonitor : “We received a call in the morning at around 5.06am and headed to the cemetery. While containing the crime scene, we got a call saying the items had appeared on Gumtree under the heading ‘Own a piece of Mzansi History”. The police also stated that they pretended to be buyers and the seller agreed to meet at Westwood Mall in Durban. “We could not believe our eyes when a middle aged white man appeared with the tombstones in a ford bakkie. We promptly arrested him”, said the police constable. Both the Meyiwa’s and Ncwane’s refused to comment on the incident. The identity of the man responsible will be revealed once he appears in court. Source : LiveMonitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 2 comments