Have you updated to the latest version of WhatsApp that brings a new feature called Status? Facebook has been stealing feature ideas directly from Snapchat for months. The new Status is just another stolen feature. If you don’t like the new version and desperately want to get back to the older version, this guide is for you. WhatsApp doesn’t allow users to downgrade
The company does not allow users to downgrade to an older version of the app once they have upgraded to the latest one. Fortunately, you can download and install an older version with the help of a third-party source. Here’s the step-by-step guide to go back to the older version of the messaging app on your Android device: Step-1 Go to Settings > Security  and toggle on the Unknown Sources option that will allow you to install apps from third-party sources:  Step-2 You’ll get a prompt warning you that installing apps from unknown sources could put your device at risk. Tap on OK.  Step-3 Open WhatsApp on your device and go to Settings > Chats > Chat Backup to take a complete backup. Step-4 Uninstall WhatsApp from your device. Step-5 Open your smartphone browser and go to this link. I tried several recent versions of WhatsApp, but version 2.17.60 worked perfectly fine for me. Download V2.17.60 APK file. Step-6 Go to the Downloads folder on your Android phone and tap on the downloaded APK file. Step-7 On the next screen, tap Install at the bottom right to begin the installation. Step-8 Once it’s installed, open the app, agree to WhatsApp’s terms & conditions, verify your phone number, restore the backup, and enjoy the old version of the messaging service. The Status feature in the latest version allows users to share photos and videos that disappear after 24 hours. Facebook’s other app Instagram already offers this feature. On WhatsApp, you can control who can see your status update. If you want to see how many of your contacts have seen the update, tap on the eye icon at the bottom of that status. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More comments