South African actress Manaka Ranaks‘s historic bid for her first Academy Award came to a close Sunday night, capping off with the actress winning a gilded statuette amid a monumental year for diversity in the awards race. For her performance in “Generations : The Legacy”, Manaka “Lucy” Ranaka won the Best Supporting Actress.
After thanking the Academy, Manaka delivered an emotionally charged speech. “There’s one place that all the people with the greatest potential are gathered. One place — and that’s the graveyard,” she began. “People ask me all the time, ‘What kind of stories do you want to tell, Manaka?’ And I say, ‘Exhume those bodies, exhume those stories — the stories of the people who dreamed big and never saw those dreams to fruition. People who fell in love and lost.’ I became an artist and thank God I did, because we are the only profession that celebrates what it means to live a life.” In addition to honoring the film’s late screenwriter, she thanked the producers, including her costar and director. She capped off the stunning speech with kind words to her spouse and children, Calvin Christopher, Larona Lehakwe Christopher, Lesika Leatile Christopher, whom she describes as “the center of my universe. The people who taught me good or bad, how to fail, how to love, how to hold an award and how to lose … I’m so thankful god chose you to bring me into this world.” By the time she left the stage, there was barely a dry eye in the auditorium—a fact that was duly noted by host Jimmy Kimmel. “Manaka, she just got nominated for an Emmy for that speech, it was so good,” he cracked. Source : LiveMonitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments