IN THE wake of widespread criminal incidents in Umlazi, south of Durban, residents seem to be looking after each other’s backs in solidarity. On Sunday, an enraged group from R section showed no mercy to a suspected 26-year-old robber who had allegedly robbed a woman of her handbag. The man was chased and stoned to death. His half-na_ked body lay about a kilometre away from where he allegedly committed the crime. A resident said when cops arrived at the scene, the young man had already collapsed. “Those who were at the bus stop said they heard a woman screaming and begging for help after her bag had been snatched. “A mob chased after the suspect and caught him not far from the bus stop. They severely beat him with pieces of concrete block and stones,” said the resident. Another resident said the suspect was not from the area, as nobody knew him. “He was probably from another section of the township. “It is a common habit for criminals to pursue their criminal activities in places where nobody knows them.” Daily Sun could not find the woman who was robbed of her bag. It is not yet clear whether she got her bag back or not. Councillor Thembelihle de Lange said she was not yet aware of the incident. KZN police spokeswoman Colonel Thembeka Mbhele confirmed that cops from Umlazi Police Station received a murder complaint at R section on Sunday. “On arrival, members found the body of a 26-year-old man with multiple injuries. “The motive for the killing is unknown. A case of murder was opened for investigation but no arrest has been made,” she said. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments