Who should know more about s_ex than regular couples, someone who has dedicated his/her time to studying this for a while. Because of their training, they’re able to tell how to be better in bed because of this. In the summation, the biggest problem couples face in the bedroom is communication, if the s_ex live is bad, chances are that they have poor communication skills. To help couples, s_ex experts to gave their best advice to couples on how to have better se_x lives. 1. You should seduce her Being turned on isn’t a switch that can be flipped on at a moment’s notice for some women. Some women are lucky that they can get turned on easily while others require some kind of work before they’re ready for se_x. 2. Do your homework Depending on where your relationship is at, se_x isn’t always happening like you think they would, especially if you’ve been together for a while. 3. Plan for s_ex Spontaneous se_x is cool but as life gets complicated or more interesting, you’ll find out that the spontaneous se_x cannot happen anymore. 4. Get a se_xy brain Asides from letting your partner turn you on. You should also look for ways to get turned on. Your libido is like an engine, says Fleming 5. Bring a friend in Well, that can help too. I have seen cases of people bringing their friends into their se_x lives. It can be kinky, if you both like things like that. 6. Take care of yourself first This is so important because if you’re not right with yourself, there is nothing your partner can do. And it’s not the masturbation kind of taking care of yourself, although that won’t be a bad idea. 7. Request for compliments Remember how we said earlier that not communicating enough is one of the biggest problem in couples’ se_x life. 8. Love thyself You remember that thing you read somewhere and ignored, that psychobabble, if you don’t love yourself, no one can love you. I’ve got news, its very true. 9. Find the problem You need to find your inner batman and become the best detective in the world. The reason for this, is to look for the root cause of the problem. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments