It is usually assumed that a woman’s lib-ido automatically decreases over time, through no fault of anyone, but this is not necessarily true. There are a few situations that will cause a woman to lose her l_ibido.
Considering these things could help you maintain a healthy s_ex drive and a fantastic s_ex life. 1. S_exual discomfort:
It is obvious that anyone will be disinterested in something that is not comfortable for them. If s_ex hurts you or you experience discomfort, it will surely make you lose interest, which will gradually kill your s_ex drive. 2. Diseases:
Some non-se_xual diseases such as arthritis, cancer, diabetes, high blood pressure, coronary artery disease and neurological diseases could negatively affect your se_x drive. 3. Fatigue:
Most South Africans believe that once a woman has babies, she loses interest in se_x. This is not simply a biological response. The reason her s_ex drive might decrease could be due to the exhaustion of waking up multiple times a night, stress of caring for a new baby, etc. When you are spending hours caring for a baby, it could be hard to feel se_xy. 4. Pregnancy and breastfeeding:
Hormone changes during pregnancy, just after having a baby and during breast-feeding can put a damper on s_exual desire. Some women are also affected by the way their body looks and this will make them self conscious. 5. Relationship issues:
Things like unresolved conflicts with your partner, poor communication and betrayal after infidelity can kill your s_ex drive. 6. Psychological issues:
Stress, poor body image, low self esteem and history of s_exual abuse may cause a woman to feel less inclined to have or enjoy s_ex. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments