There are many benefits that come from a visit to the gym. You sleep better, you lose weight, gain muscle, feel healthier in general – and your li_bido skyrockets. New research from the University of Texas at Austin has shown that pre-menopausal women who exercise increase their li_bido by such a large amount that it will even help women whose s_ex drives have been lowered by antidepressants. The researchers said this is because the short burst of high-intensity exercise the participants in the study undertook resulted in an heightened sympathetic nervous system activity – which gets the blood flowing towards the genitals. It also showed this can counteract antidepressants’ li_bido-killing side effects. A separate study from Duke University linked obesity with a lowered s_ex drive and s_exual difficulties, meaning people who lose weight at the gym could also be gaining confidence which could help their s_ex drive. Even if you aren’t trying to lose weight, regular exercise can still boost your l_ibido. However another recent study from the University of North Carolina found frequent and high intensity exercise can be linked to a lower s_ex drive. This study looked at 1,077 active men and quizzed them about their workout habits and s_exual behaviour. The research found the men who did low intensity workouts were seven times more likely to have a high l_ibido than those who completed high intensity workouts. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments