A ho_rny man escaped death by a whisker when he was caught using muthi to bonk ladies in a queue recently in Soshanguve. Shoppers at a busy mall reported seeing the man doing bonking motions and a few ladies confessed to feeling like they were being intimate. The man, who is in his early thirties is a well known Orlando Pirated fan in the neighborhood. According to eye witnesses, he was in the queue and was gyrating and closing his eyes in enjoyment. This aroused the suspicion of the other shoppers  who checked their surroundings and noticed a lady who was showing signs of discomfort. When asked, the woman confessed she felt like she was being bonked. The whole ordeal came to a devastating turn when the man screamed from enjoyment and the crowds gathered around him ready to beat him up. Seeing danger, the man confessed to using muthi to bonk the women without their consent. The man further confessed that his father had given him the muthi. “You can see I am ugly. No woman wants to sleep with me. I have never had s_ex in my life. A sangoma gave me this muthi and it is my only way to satisfy the urges,” he pleaded for his life. Angry shoppers began beating up the man and he was eventually rescued by mall security who whisked him away to the back of the mall. He was later taken to hospital. No arrests had been made at the time of going to publish. Source : LiveMonitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments