Most women understand that s_ex changes as they grow older, especially when these changes are brought on by menopause. But are you truly prepared for what truly happens? Once a woman reaches the age of 35, she can expect a few things not to stay the same. 1. Se_xual peak is not guaranteed: It has always been believed that women reach their se_xual peak in their late 30’s even through early 40’s. While there is some fact in this, it is not necessarily true for everyone.  2. Contraceptives could hurt: Women are very likely to opt for some form of birth control sometime in their mid to late 30’s as this is usually a time most are done with having children. But if you choose to go with the pill, be informed that this could cause vagina dryness, making se_x very uncomfortable. 3. No need to worry about frequency; Recent research has shown that having s_ex once a week is the key to happiness. Since this is about the number women have time for when they are over 35, then it is very likely their relationship is so much stronger. Don’t be fooled though, this does not mean having s_ex twice a week makes you doubly satisfied, in fact, it could bring about the opposite effect. 4. The Big O’ Effect: Once you pass the age of 35, or_gasms usually come easier than they did in your 20’s. This is because, not only do you have enough experience to know what you want, you are also more matured that you can ask for it without feeling self conscious. Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments