CCTV footage showing a woman getting it on with her husband’s best friend in an elevator at a casino has leaked. The video shows the two getting frisky at a lift located at Durban’s Isibaya Casino. According to security at the casino, the witnessed the two leave the casino tables while the woman’s husband was playing black jack and went to the elevator While waiting for the elevator, the man was seen slapping the woman’s behind to which she did a little dance. Once the elevator arrived, the man grabbed the woman and kissed her before going into the elevator where they continued getting frisky. They then can be seen going into the hotel room for about 20 minutes. All this happened while the woman’s husband was in the casino playing. Security personnel say the husband did not suspect a thing when the two returned to the table 30 minutes later and joined him. He even kissed her when she came back. “The three arrived at the casino around 10pm and started drinking and gambling. From the casino footage, you could tell the wife and the man’s friend ‘knew’ each other. They were clearly flirting though the hubby did not pay notice”, said one security guy. “Around 1am, they decided to take their business upstairs to their booked rooms” It was not clear if the husband was aware of the incident at time of publishing this article. Source : LiveMonitor ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments