ANGRY residents say they cannot enjoy a relaxing day at their park any more. This is because pupils from a local school have started using the park in Henry Street, Mangaung to poke! According to residents, the pupils gather in the park in their school uniforms and then smoke dagga and have s_ex. When the SunTeam visited the park on Tuesday, two pupils were spotted cuddling. Resident Nosipho Myeki (45) said she used to eat her lunch in the park, but she couldn’t relax there any more.  “I’m disgusted by the manner in which these pupils behave. They don’t have any respect, but kiss each other in front of elders,” she said. “They disrespect people instead of studying and doing their homework. Some of these pupils smoke dagga openly in front of us. I believe their parents are not even aware of what these kids are doing during school hours and after class. It’s time for the municipality to act.” Another resident appealed to the municipality to do something, or he would beat the kids to teach them manners.  “We cannot be forced to watch pornography by these kids in public.” Qondile Khedama, spokesman for Mangaung Municipality, said: “The municipality is only responsible for the upkeep of the park. We can’t guard people to make sure they don’t kiss each other or poke.” Source : Online ! These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More 0 comments